{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red252\green71\blue121;\red34\green30\blue67;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red253\green139\blue9;\red132\green255\blue102;\red152\green255\blue126;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c38431\c54902;\cssrgb\c17647\c16863\c33333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c100000\c61569\c0;\cssrgb\c57255\c98824\c47451;\cssrgb\c64706\c100000\c56471;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 TOPIC\cf4 \strokec4  \cf5 \strokec5 =\cf4 \strokec4  \cf6 \strokec6 "\cf7 \strokec7 ranked choice voting\cf6 \strokec6 "\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 \strokec6 "\cf7 \strokec7 (Beta) For proposal: Implement RCV as an alternative method both to elected officials and representatives at all levels\cf6 \strokec6 "\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 prompt \cf5 \strokec5 =\cf4 \strokec4  \cf6 \strokec6 """\cf7 \strokec7 This is a list of arguments presented in a deliberation about \cf6 \strokec6 """\cf4 \strokec4  \cf5 \strokec5 +\cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 TOPIC\cf4 \strokec4  \cf5 \strokec5 +\cf4 \strokec4  \cf6 \strokec6 """\cf7 \strokec7 . Your job is to summarize\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7    these arguments into 7 distinct topics regarding \cf6 \strokec6 """\cf4 \strokec4  \cf5 \strokec5 +\cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 TOPIC\cf4 \strokec4  \cf5 \strokec5 +\cf4 \strokec4  \cf6 \strokec6 """\cf7 \strokec7  in a Python list of strings, with each string being a topic.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7    Every string MUST start with 'Ranked choice voting is' followed by a brief summary of the topic.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7    Do NOT number the list or indent in your response, and do NOT include apostrophes.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7    Do NOT include anything in the list other than the topics themselves. Your response is ONLY the list of topics.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7    Once again, the Python list you return should contain exactly 7 strings. This is an example of what you should return:\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7    ['Ranked choice voting is fair', 'Ranked choice voting is complicated', 'Ranked choice voting is pointless'...]\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7    The topics in the list should be somewhat distinct from each other.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7    You should not have broad topics, such as the advantages and disadvantages of \cf6 \strokec6 """\cf4 \strokec4  \cf5 \strokec5 +\cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 TOPIC\cf4 \strokec4  \cf5 \strokec5 +\cf4 \strokec4  \cf6 \strokec6 """\cf7 \strokec7 . Rather,\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7    you should instead find nuanced groups of arguments that may be present on either side of the discussion.\cf6 \strokec6 """\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 EVAL_PROMPT\cf4 \strokec4  \cf5 \strokec5 =\cf4 \strokec4  \cf6 \strokec6 """\cf7 \strokec7 You are a skilled annotator tasked with identifying the type of arguments made in a deliberation about \cf6 \strokec6 """\cf4 \strokec4  \cf5 \strokec5 +\cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 TOPIC\cf4 \strokec4  \cf5 \strokec5 +\cf4 \strokec4  \cf6 \strokec6 """\cf7 \strokec7 .\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         Read through the given arguments presented.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         Your job is to extract the type of arguments made and load them into the JSON object containing true/false parameters.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         Return true for comparisonToCurrentSystem if the argument compares ranked choice voting to the current system.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         For example, 'Ranked choice voting is more equitable than the current system that only allows for two dominant parties to win'.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         Return false for comparisonToCurrentSystem otherwise.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         Return true for votingDecisions if the argument discusses the impact of ranked choice voting on voting decisions.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         For example, 'Ranked choice voting will allow voters to vote for their preferred candidate without fear of wasting their vote'.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         Return false for votingDecisions otherwise.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         Return true for partyRepresentation if the argument discusses how ranked choice voting may impact party representation.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         For example, 'Ranked choice voting will allow for more third-party candidates to win elections'.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         Return false for partyRepresentation otherwise.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         Return true for voterTurnout if the argument discusses how ranked choice voting may impact voter turnout.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         For example, 'Ranked choice voting will increase voter turnout and encourage more people to engage in elections.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         Return false for voterTurnout otherwise.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         Return true for strategicVoting if the argument discusses how ranked choice voting may impact strategic voting.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         For example, 'Ranked choice voting will prevent people from voting for a candidate they don't like to avoid a worse outcome'.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         Return false for strategicVoting otherwise.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         Return true for moderateCandidates if the argument discusses how ranked choice voting may impact moderate candidates.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         For example, 'Ranked choice voting will allow moderate candidates to win elections'. \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         Return false for moderateCandidates otherwise.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         Return true for moneyInPolitics if the argument discusses how ranked choice voting may impact money in politics.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         For example, 'Ranked choice voting will reduce the influence of money in politics'.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         Return false for moneyInPolitics otherwise.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         Return true for other if the argument discusses a topic not covered by the other parameters.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         For example, 'Ranked choice voting will make voting too complicated.'\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         Return true for notRelevant if the argument is not relevant to the discussion of ranked choice voting.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         For example, 'I have a dog and two kids.'\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         It is possible for a single argument to have multiple true parameters, except for notRelevant.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         If an argument is not relevant, all other parameters should be false.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         You should return true for at least one parameter.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7         \cf6 \strokec6 """\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
}